Avoid using one-shot HttpClient in code sample (#31618)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/networking/http/httpclient.md

Most of the following examples reuse the same `HttpClient` instance, and therefore only need to be configured once. To create an `HttpClient`, use the `HttpClient` class constructor. For more information, see [Guidelines for using HttpClient](httpclient-guidelines.md).

:::code language="csharp" source="../snippets/httpclient/Program.cs" id="sharedclient":::

The preceding code:

> - Instantiates a new `HttpClient` instance as a `static` variable. As per the guidelines referenced above, it's strongly recommended to reuse `HttpClient` instance(s) during the application's lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Instantiates a new `HttpClient` instance as a `static` variable. As per the [guidelines](httpclient-guidelines.md), it's strongly recommended to reuse `HttpClient` instances during the application's lifecycle.
```
